The Album Cover Designer is a game where the user tries to guess 6 characters correctly and in the right order. It is based on a band that needs a cover for their album and a director creates a game to guess the first letter of the band member's name and use it to identify which members are on the cover. There are 9 band members and the first letter of their names are A B C D E F G H I. The game can also make you guess random characters. It will also tell you how many characters are to the left of their actual position, those that are to the right, and those that are to the left. The game has 4 classes- Lineup, DraftCover, AlbumCoverGame, and AlbumCoverDesigner.

The Lineup class has a constructor that takes a character array as an argument and initialises it. it also has a method that returns a character based on its position on the list. It overrides the tostring method to print a list [A, B, C, D, E, F] as A B C D E F.

DraftCover class, This is the class that tests the suggested lineup. it has a constructor that takes two arguments the suggested lineup and the actual lineup.

it has various methods, getLineUp which returns the suggested lineup. getNumgood which returns the number of characters in the correct position. it does this by using 2 for loops( a for loop is used because the number of iterations is known), iterating over the suggestion and solution, finding where the position is equal, and keeping track of the occurrence. getNumTooLeft, it returns the number of characters in suggestion that are positioned to the left of their actual position. it uses the same idea as getNumGood by using 2 for loops and finding where both characters are the same and checking if the position of the solution is greater than the position of the suggestion, this shows the suggestion's character is to the left. getNumtooRight returns the number of characters in suggestion that are too far to the right by using 2 for loops and finding where both characters are the same and checking if the position of the solution is greater than the position of the suggestion, this shows the suggestion's character is to the left.

the iscorrect method is a simple boolean that returns true if the suggestion is identical to the solution, this is done by checking the getnumgood method if it returns 6. There is also an overriding tostring method that prints the lineup as well as the number of characters that are too left, too right, and correctly placed.

AlbumCoverGame class has 2 constructors one creates a random solution for the game using the Random java utility. The other takes an argument lineup and initialises it.

It has a separate class called the ListNode class. This class creates a Linked List system which takes a draft cover as the payload. it also has an overriding tostring method that prints all the ListNodes in the Linked list.

continuing the AlbumCoverGame class, IT has 2 methods. One is a boolean called testDraftCover which takes a lineup as its argument. The lineup is turned into a draft cover and is placed at the head of the Linked list, if the draft created is identical ( using method iscorrect in DraftCover class)to the solution it will return true otherwise false. The other method is called getPreviousDraftCovers which simply prints out the previous attempts that have been stored in the linked list.

AlbumCoverDesignCli class has a main and a playGame method. The main creates an AlbumCoverDesignCli object using the AlbumCoverGame Random constructor and plays a game using it. The playGame method is a void method. It prints out previous attempts using the getPreviousDraftCovers method in AlbumCoverGame class, if there are no previous attempts it prints "No previous attempts". It has a scanner that reads system input, the input is supposed to be the considered lineup, it uses a charAT method along with a for loop to read and store a list. The list is then turned into a lineup before continuing the lineup must be checked if it is valid or not. validity in the sense that all characters entered a character acceptable, this was done by looping through the lineup and using statements to see if the character entered isn't the same as any acceptable character. if it isn't valid the game prints invalid input and restarts the loop. if the lineup is valid it is tested using the testDraftCover method and if it passes the game prints out Congratulations if it doesn't it restarts the whole loop, which is why a while loop is used due to the indefinite potential loops.

